Docs of new React SDK features (#198)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/react.md

`<ConfigCatProvider sdkKey="#YOUR_SDK_KEY#"  pollingMode={PollingMode.AutoPoll} options={{ ... }}>` initializes a client.

| Attributes    | Description                                                                                               | Default |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `sdkKey`      | **REQUIRED.** SDK Key to access your feature flags and configurations. Get it from _ConfigCat Dashboard_. | - |
| `pollingMode` | Optional. The polling mode to use to acquire the setting values from the ConfigCat servers. [More about polling modes](#polling-modes). | `PollingMode.AutoPoll` |
| `options`     | Optional. The options object. See the table below. | - |

> The available options depends on the chosen polling mode. However, there are some common options which can be set in the case of every polling mode:

Author: I'm not sure about this suggestion: https://englishstudypage.com/grammar/in-case-of-vs-in-the-case-of-in-english/

> The available options depends on the chosen polling mode. However, there are some common options which can be set in the case of every polling mode:

Reviewer: No biggie, I'm fine both ways

| Option Parameter         | Description | Default |
| ------------------------ |------------ | ------- |
| `logger`                 | Custom logger. [More about logging](#logging). | Console logger |
| `requestTimeoutMs`       | The amount of milliseconds the SDK waits for a response from the ConfigCat servers before returning values from the cache. | 30000 |
| `baseUrl`                | Sets the CDN base url (forward proxy, dedicated subscription) from where the SDK will download the config.json. | |
| `dataGovernance`         | Describes the location of your feature flag and setting data within the ConfigCat CDN. This parameter needs to be in sync with your Data Governance preferences. [More about Data Governance](advanced/data-governance.md). Available options: `DataGovernance.Global`, `DataGovernance.EuOnly`. | `DataGovernance.Global` |
| `cache`                  | Cache implementation for config cache. | `InMemoryCache` |
| `flagOverrides`          | Local feature flag & setting overrides. [More about feature flag overrides](#flag-overrides). | - |
| `defaultUser`            | Sets the default user. [More about default user](#default-user). | `undefined` (none) |

> | `offline`                | Determines whether the client should be initialized to offline mode or not. [More about offline mode](#online--offline-mode). | `false` |

Reviewer: I will fix it in a separate PR

> Options also include a property named `setupHook`, which you can use to subscribe to the hooks (events) of the SDK at initialization time. [More about hooks](#hooks).

Reviewer: I will fix it in a separate PR

> Options also include a property named `setupHook`, which you can use to subscribe to the hooks (events) of the SDK at initialization time. [More about hooks](#hooks).

Reviewer: I will fix it in a separate PR

  return (
  <>
    {flagDetails && 
      <p>
        FlagDetails: {JSON.stringify(flagDetails)}
      </p>
    }
  </>);
}
```

## Anatomy of `withConfigCatClient()`

It is higher-order component that can take your react component and will return the component with the injected ConfigCat related props (`WithConfigCatClientProps`).

These props are the following:

```tsx
export interface WithConfigCatClientProps {
  configCatClient: IConfigCatClient;
  getValue: GetValueType;
  lastUpdated?: Date;
}
```

Sample declaration of class component with ConfigCat SDK's higher-order component:
```tsx
class MyComponent extends React.Component<
  { myProp: string } & WithConfigCatClientProps
> {
  constructor(props: { myProp: string } & WithConfigCatClientProps) {
    super(props);

    // props.configCatClient - use any method on the instance
    // props.getValue - helper function for flag evaluation
  }

  ...
}

// HOC declaration
const ConfigCatMyComponent = withConfigCatClient(MyComponent);

// Usage of the wrapped component
<ConfigCatMyComponent myProp='ConfigCat <3 React' />
```

### Props - `configCatClient`

> It is a ConfigCat client instance (`IConfigCatClient`) to access all features of the ConfigCat.

Author: ```suggestion
The ConfigCat client instance (`IConfigCatClient`) to access all features of the _ConfigCat SDK_.
```

In this example the component can invoke the `forceRefreshAsync` method on the injected ConfigCat instance.
```tsx
class ManualRefreshComponent extends React.Component<
  { featureFlagKey: string } & WithConfigCatClientProps,
  { refreshAt: string | null}
> {
  constructor(props: { featureFlagKey: string } & WithConfigCatClientProps) {
    super(props);

    this.state = { refreshAt: '-'};
  }

  refresh(){
    this.props.configCatClient.forceRefreshAsync().then(() => this.setState({refreshAt: new Date().toLocaleTimeString()}))
  }

  render() {
    return (
        <div>
          <button onClick={() => this.refresh()}>Refresh</button>
          <p>Last manual refresh: {this.state.refreshAt}</p>
        </div>
    );
  }
}

const ConfigCatManualRefreshComponent = withConfigCatClient(ManualRefreshComponent);
```

### Props - `getValue`

> It is a helper function to get feature flag value.

Author: ```suggestion
A helper function to get the value of a feature flag.
```

}
```

### Props - `lastUpdated`

> It is the timestamp of the last config update's event.

Author: ```suggestion
The timestamp of the last config update's event.
```

For advanced targeting:

```tsx

> let userObject = new User(

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const userObject = new User(
```

  ...
</ConfigCatProvider>
```

Use `cacheTimeToLiveSeconds` option parameter to set cache lifetime.

```tsx
<ConfigCatProvider
  sdkKey="YOUR_SDK_KEY"
  pollingMode="{PollingMode.LazyLoad}"
  options={{ cacheTimeToLiveSeconds: 600}}
>
  ...
</ConfigCatProvider>
```

Available options (in addition to the [common ones](#creating-the-configcat-client)):

| Option Parameter         | Description | Default |
| ------------------------ | ----------- | ------- |
| `cacheTimeToLiveSeconds` | Cache TTL. Range: `[1, Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER]` | 60 |

### Manual polling

Manual polling gives you full control over when the `config.json` (with the setting values) is downloaded. _ConfigCat SDK_ will not update them automatically. Calling `forceRefreshAsync()` is your application's responsibility.

#### Initialization

```tsx
<ConfigCatProvider sdkKey="YOUR_SDK_KEY" pollingMode={PollingMode.ManualPoll} options={{...}}>
  ...
</ConfigCatProvider>
```

```tsx
const client = useConfigCatClient();
useEffect(() => {
  client.forceRefreshAsync().then(() => {
    console.log('forceRefreshAsync() invoked');
  });
});
```

> ## Hooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SDK Hooks (not React Hooks)
```

> > ** ConfigCat SDK hooks are different things than React Hooks. **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ** ConfigCat SDK hooks are different than React Hooks. **
```

- `flagEvaluated`: This event is emitted each time when the SDK evaluates a feature flag or setting. The event provides the same evaluation details that you would get from `getValueDetailsAsync()`.
- `clientError`: This event is emitted when an error occurs within the ConfigCat SDK.

You can subscribe to these events either on initialization:
```tsx
<ConfigCatProvider
  sdkKey="YOUR_SDK_KEY"
  pollingMode={PollingMode.ManualPoll}
  options={{ setupHooks: hooks => hooks.on('flagEvaluated', () => { /* handle the event */ }) }}
>
  ...
</ConfigCatProvider>
```

...or directly on the `ConfigCatClient` instance:

```tsx
export const ConfigCatWithHookComponent = () => {
  const client = useConfigCatClient();

  const [configChangedAt, setConfigChanged] = useState('-');

  useEffect(() => {
    
    function hookLogic() {
      const t = new Date().toISOString();
      setConfigChanged(t);
      console.log(t)
    };
    
    client.on('configChanged', hookLogic);
    
    return () => {
      client.off('configChanged', hookLogic)
    }
  });

  return (    
      <p>
      configChangedAt: {configChangedAt}
      </p>
    );
}
```

> With higher-order component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using higher-order component (HOC):
```

## Using custom cache implementation

Config data is stored in a cache for reducing network traffic and for improving performance of the client. If you would like to use your own cache solution (for example when your system uses external or distributed cache) you can implement the [`ICache` interface](https://github.com/configcat/common-js/blob/master/src/Cache.ts) and set the `cache` parameter in the options.

```tsx
class MyCustomCache {

>   set(key, config) {

Reviewer: Same as in case of the JS SDK. Please note my comments there.
